DOC Review documentation for common errors (#188)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/00_Getting_Started/index.md

vendor/bin/sake dev/build
```

> Your website should be available on your domain now (e.g. `https://localhost`). The CMS login can be accessed at `/admin` (e.g. `http://localhost/admin`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your website should be available on your domain now (e.g. `https://www.example.com`). The CMS login can be accessed at `/admin` (e.g. `https://www.example.com/admin`).
```

Reviewer 2: Done
